March update of Code Graph strategy (#2697)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/strategy-goals/strategy/code-graph/index.md

If you're new to our strategy pages, this video walkthrough (last updated Feb 2022) will help orient you.

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0;"><iframe src="https://www.loom.com/embed/71b675b67c464b0db7670a7f5025cbbe" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe></div>

## Mission

Our mission is to **make discovering, learning, and editing code easier, no matter how complex it is, where it's stored, or how experienced you are.**

> ## Current theme(s)

Author: ```suggestion
## Themes
```

> Apart from simply delivering great features that make our mission possible, across Code Graph we're particularly focused at the moment on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). Focusing on these ensures we're prioritizing areas where people get real value out of the product, reducing time-to-value reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated or are not intuitive, and building cross-team capabilities helps us build better features that are more than the sum of their parts (as opposed to shipping our org chart).

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). Focusing on these ensures we're prioritizing areas where people get real value out of the product, reducing time-to-value reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive, and building cross-team capabilities helps us deliver features that are more than the sum of their parts (as opposed to shipping our org chart).
```

> Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). Focusing on these ensures we're prioritizing areas where people get real value out of the product, reducing time-to-value reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive, and building cross-team capabilities helps us deliver features that are more than the sum of their parts (as opposed to shipping our org chart).

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few key reasons why this is important:

- Focusing on use cases ensures we're prioritizing areas where people get real value out of the product.
- Reducing time-to-value reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive
- Building cross-team capabilities helps us deliver features that are more than the sum of their parts (as opposed to shipping our org chart)
```

> Because these org-level concepts intentionally bridge team boundaries, we are especially mindful of following our [collaboration principles](../../../departments/product-engineering/process/cross-org-team-collab.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Because this theme intentionally bridges team boundaries, we are especially mindful of following our [collaboration principles](../../../departments/product-engineering/process/cross-org-team-collab.md).
```

# Code Graph strategy

Code Graph comprises teams working on [Search](./search/index.md), [Code Insights](./code-insights/index.md), [Code Intelligence](./code-intelligence/index.md), and [Batch Changes](./batch-changes/index.md); this page describes the mission and strategy that ties them together over the next year or so, with each linked page providing a more detailed strategy for that area. There is also a whole-company [Sourcegraph strategy](../index.md) and [Product & Engineering strategy](../../../departments/product-engineering/strategy-goals/index.md) to which all of this is aligned. Our [roadmap tracker](https://github.com/orgs/sourcegraph/projects/214/views/34) (internal only) shows what we're delivering to make this strategy a reality.

If you're new to our strategy pages, this video walkthrough (last updated Feb 2022) will help orient you.

<div style="position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; height: 0;"><iframe src="https://www.loom.com/embed/71b675b67c464b0db7670a7f5025cbbe" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen style="position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%;"></iframe></div>

## Mission

> Our mission is to **make discovering, learning, and editing code easier, no matter how complex it is, where it's stored, or how experienced you are.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our mission is to **make discovering, analyzing, and editing code easier, no matter how complex it is, where it's stored, or how experienced you are.**
```

This is only soft feedback, but I don't know that "discovering code" (or "learning code") is a good way to describe Code Insights, since it's not really about the code, but the code *signals* (which are often metadata-like) you are trying to unearth. What about this option?

Author: ```suggestion
Our mission is to **make discovering, learning, analyzing, and editing code easier, no matter how complex it is, where it's stored, or how experienced you are.**
```

I think learning is still a use case (perhaps not for Insights, but for other parts of Code Graph) but analyzing is a great addition!

## Themes

> Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few key reasons why this is important:

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability** and **ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few key reasons why this is important:
```

> Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few key reasons why this is important:

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability and ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few reasons why this is important:
```

> Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability** and **ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few key reasons why this is important:

Author: ```suggestion
Apart from the work each of our teams do for our mission, across Code Graph we're particularly focused now on improving the **discoverability** and **ease-of-use** around our [use cases](../index.md#use-cases). There are a few reasons why this is important:
```

- Focusing on use cases ensures we're prioritizing areas where people get real value out of the product.

> - Reducing time-to-value reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive

Author: ```suggestion
- Improving discoverability reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive
```

> - Improving discoverability reduces the chance of people giving up on our features because they are too complicated/not intuitive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improving discoverability increases feature adoption because it brings users into features at moments when the features would be most useful
```
I am in favor of reducing complexity/onboarding learning features etc but that felt to me like it's not directly related to discoverability, and I also felt like phrasing it in the positive case might be clearer here. (Feel free to ignore this.)

Author: Positive case is indeed better, thanks for the suggestion this is a great improvement!
